# Set Up & Preparation
Get started with deep learning and AI will need a solid setup to make learning less error-prone, difficult and time-consuming, so in this post, I'm just going to describe the current set-up I've got prepared.

## Components
### 1. fastai
First of all, I'm using **fastai**, developed by Jeremy Howard, which is a good choice for a number of reasons:
1. It has a *whole course* offering comprehensive [resources](https://course.fast.ai/) on how to get started with deep-learning using this language.
2. It is *built on top of Pytorch*, which is gaining traction over TensorFlow in popularity and so has a growing community for support when needed.
3. It *provides higher-level abstractions*, significantly reducing the amount of code required for complex tasks.
4. It *accelerates development* and *enhances comprehension*, making it an ideal starting point for beginners like me.

### 2. Pytorch
Pytorch is the backbone to fastai, and has several benefits to being used here:
1. It is *rooted in Python*, which is one of the most commonly learnt programming languages and one I am very familiar with personally.
2. It *leverages CUDA* to harness the power of GPUs, delivering accelerated computations essential for training large models efficiently.

### 3. Visual Studio Code
For the coding environment, I'm using Visual Studio Code (VS Code) for several reasons:
1. It is super *accessible to everyone*, as it is free, open, and super easy to use.
2. It has *heaps of extensions*, which simplifies code navigation and enhances readability across various languages and formats. 
3. It has *support for devcontainers*, which I'll need to use to create Linux environments.

### 4. Devcontainers
Devcontainers are being used for different projects to encapsulate all the project dependencies within a container. This is good because:
1. It allows for *consistent development environments*, with smooth transitions between different users.
2. It provides *reproducibility* in that the system is always the same.
3. It provides *isolation* from system dependencies, so that if something goes wrong in the container, it doesn't break your entire machine too.
It is also important to learn how to use containers, as they are used extensively in industry and by big companies like nvidia.
